Update docs for notebooks (#29132)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/notebooks/_index.md

- From the left-hand navigation bar, click **Dashboards > New Notebook**.
- On the upper-right-hand corner of the [Notebooks List page][1], click **New Notebook**.

### Notebook templates

In the [Template Gallery][2], see ready-to-use templates which you can create new notebooks from. Templates include an Incident Response postmortem, an Incident Report, and SLO Specification. You can also create a new custom template to build reusable notebook structures.

## Editing a notebook

> With Notebooks, you can start typing using markdown shortcuts such as `#` for headers or <code>```</code> for code blocks. Notebooks automatically save your text content as you type. For graphs, save all edits in the graph editor for the widget to be saved in the notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Notebooks, you can start typing using markdown shortcuts, such as `#` for headers or <code>```</code> for code blocks. Notebooks automatically save your text content as you type. For graphs, save all edits in the graph editor for the widget to be saved in the notebook.
```
I noticed a missing comma in the existing text.

- **Graph legend**: Uncheck the box to hide the legend. Legends are automatically disabled for XS and S graphs.
- **Split graph**: Display one graph per tag value to view small multiples of your visualization.

### Markdown and rich text features

> Markdown content can be added directly to text. Use markdown in Notebooks for the following features:
> - Text Tables  
> - Syntax Highlighting in codeblocks  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Markdown content can be added directly to text. Use Markdown in Notebooks for the following features:
- Text tables  
- Syntax highlighting in code blocks  
```
